[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>EMCEE: And now, world-renowned
spirit medium James Van Praagh.
[APPLAUSE]
>>JAMES VAN PRAAGH:
Hi, everyone!
Hi!
Ay!
Hi.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
And thank you, everyone,
for joining me today
on Spirit Talk, where I take
you one step closer to heaven.
In today's show, I thought we'd
do something which we have not
done yet on this show.
But a lot of people have
been emailing and asking
for this information.
So I thought I would
share it with all of you.
So if you look around my
set here, what do you see?
>>AUDIENCE: Stars.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Stars, kind
of like a galaxy, right?
And it's really interesting--
planets, perhaps?
And it's kind of like lost in
space, lost in time right here.
But I'm going to tell you
that you as a spiritual being,
you come back here
for human experience.
And when we come back here,
one of the first things that
happens is, before
we come back here,
we have-- we talk to our
guides and our teachers,
and we go through a blueprint
of the different lessons
that our soul is going to learn.
And through our guides and
teachers, we will actually--
or they will help us to
pick out the perfect timing
for our birth in order for
various lessons to occur, OK?
98% percent of us is
water, made of water.
So it's very, very easy
to be pulled by gravity.
Well as you know, all
around us are planets, yes?
And I'm going to throw
something at you,
and for you at home also,
to just think about.
What about if I was to tell you
that this is not the only place
you go to?
What do you think of that?
Wild, huh?
This is not the
only star system.
There's only one-- OK,
are you ready for it?
Millions and millions and
millions of star systems.
This is only one, one planet,
in millions and millions
of star systems.
And the spirit people
often say that when
you think of the Earth
world, think of it
like a grain of sand on a beach,
just to give you a perspective.
Isn't that wild?
It's a bit, bit wild, yes?
You're like this.
It's a, whoa!
So when you start
looking at it that way,
it shows you that
there's so much more
going on than we're
just aware of.
There's so much more out
there than we're aware of.
And when spirit people
come back and speak
through me, many times
they'll say-- well,
they don't say it
exactly like this,
but I know what
they're trying to say.
Anyway, they're trying to say
I kind of have to dumb it down
for the human, because
the human comprehension is
very limited in many ways.
So when we are coming back on
this Earth, our birth time,
we really are set up
with the various planets
in our solar system, because
every single planet will
have a gravitational pull on a
certain part of our bodies, OK?
And as you know, you've
heard of the expression,
what's your sign?
What's your sun sign?
What time were you born?
I think it really, really
matters, down to the second
that you're born.
And the reason why it
matters down to the second
that you're born is because
all the planets move.
Every second they're
moving, they're
in a different position.
And they're in a
different degree,
which in turn affects your body.
It affects the
gravitational pull.
So I'm going to go
through each sign,
and it's a general
characteristic.
Because I'm not an
astrologer per se,
and there's a lot more
involved in your chart.
But just generally, let's
see what the energies are.
So I'm going to first
start off with Capricorns,
and that's December, January.
How many Capricorns do
we have in the audience?
One, two, three, four.
OK, so I'm going to tell you
a little bit about Capricorn.
Hm, Capricorn is a sign, of
course, which is really--
they've come back
for karmic reasons.
We all come back
for karmic reasons,
but Capricorns tend to have a
little bit more karmic reasons
to come back.
It seems that Capricorn is ruled
by the planet Saturn, which
is karma.
And the first 30 years
of a Capricorn's life,
usually the most difficult ones.
Capricorn tends to be the
adult when they're the child.
Because they've come back from
a former lifetime where they
had to-- something
happened, and they
have to come back
with-- in a way,
burning off the karma
from a past life
right away within
their first 30 years.
And then they can
live this life.
So all you Capricorns, I don't
know if you realize that,
but you were full
of responsibility
when you were a young kid.
You might have had
to be the adult
when you were a
kid, whether it's
emotional or physical or mental.
Make sense?
Sense.
Yeah.
Capricorn also rules
the bones, the bones,
so be careful with the bones.
That's the area it rules.
Capricorns are all
about security,
security of the future.
Got to have retirement.
Got to have money in the bank.
Security, security, security.
Sometimes they've
got to be careful,
because security might
rule their lives.
Right?
And they get off their paths,
because they get blinded
by that.
And that's Capricorn,
very secure conscious.
I know.
I was married to one.
I'm very aware of the Capricorn.
OK, and then we have Aquarius.
How many people
are Aquarius here?
One Aquarian?
Just one Aquarian?
OK.
One crazy person, perfect .
[LAUGHTER]
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes, see?
Now I can say that to another
sign, like Capricorn, and say,
you're crazy.
They go, uh-uh.
And they'd worry
and go, no, I'm not.
But Aquarius you
can say that to,
because Aquarians go
by their own time.
They have their
own sense of time.
They don't fit into the
regular, everyday life.
They do things in their own way.
It's the most unique
sign of the zodiac.
And it is really
the light bearer.
I know they're the water
bearer, but they really
show people the light.
They will, if you will,
they're the great teachers
of the universe.
They will really bring
in new ways of thinking
and new ways of doing
things-- great scientists,
great explorers, great thinkers.
They're great thinkers.
Abraham Lincoln, great
thinker, great Aquarian.
So they go do things in
their own time, all right?
So never try to fit in
if you're an Aquarian.
Never try to fit into every
day's time and everyone else's
time.
Because you never will.
And if you try that, it
will go against the grain
of who you are.
Makes sense, right?
And it's true.
And it's also the sign, which
is the most independent sign
of the zodiac.
So you need to give the
gregarious Aquarius some room
to grow, some room to expand.
They need their own space.
If you give them their own
space, the happier they'll be.
Now, Aquarians rule the
circulation system, OK?
Yeah?
Circulation system, so you
always should be running.
Motion-- you know,
healing is motion, running
is motion, movement.
Movement is motion is healing.
Aquarians-- they're the life of
the party if they want to be.
But if they don't like you,
they can go, [BLOWS OUT]
and emotionally pull away
and be like stone, right?
And again, this is
not good or bad.
It just is generalities
of the sign.
And it makes sense to you.
OK, so Capricorn, Aquarius,
and then next we have Pisces.
Pisces.
One Pisces, two Pisces.
OK, now I usually can
tell a Pisces right away,
because Pisces has--
they have beautiful eyes.
They have dreamlike
eyes, Pisces.
Pisces is a sign, which
is the martyr sign, which
is, they come back and
they kind of sometimes
feel sorry for themselves.
And you know, it's like,
oh, I'm too sensitive,
and they're very,
very sensitive,
the most sensitive sign
of the zodiac, yeah?
And they do rule the feet.
So the feet is the very
sensitive part, Pisces.
So it's really interesting,
because a Pisces--
they are very, very psychic.
They're the most psychic
sign of the zodiac.
And it's so
interesting, because it
is said that because
the feet rule Pisces,
they are stepping on the
vibrations of all the Earth.
So they're picking up
everybody's vibrations.
So you know, Pisces is a natural
psychic, a natural sensitive.
They have their heads in
the stars and the clouds.
They're very dreamlike.
They cannot relate necessarily
to this Earth life.
They feel like, I
don't belong here.
I don't want to be here.
I don't belong here, right?
And so they've got to be
careful, like all signs,
to integrate
properly and balance.
I like Pisces.
I have a great-- the
energy with Pisces, I like.
I like Pisces very much.
A lot of my good friends
are Piscean energy.
OK, so the next
thing after Pisces,
then we have is-- anybody?
>>AUDIENCE: Aries.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Aries.
Very good, Aries.
And who-- are you an Aries?
Who's Aries ?
Anybody Aries?
One Aries, two Aries?
OK.
Aries, great.
Love Aries.
And again, I'm not judging.
This is just--
[LAUGHTER]
>>VAN PRAAGH: Aries
is the "I am" sign.
So Aries is ruled
by the Sun, yes.
And the sun is-- there
it is, that big thing,
and it lights on me.
Here I am.
And it's the baby of astrology,
in that the Aries tend
to be seeing things from
their point of view,
from my own point of view,
where Pisces is the opposite,
is everybody's point of view.
So Aries can tend to--
the baby of the zodiac.
They're learning by doing.
So Aries will-- they're
ruled by the head.
So some Aries can be very
headstrong and jump into things
and later say, oops, I
shouldn't have done that.
Make sense to you?
Yeah.
And they're very
calm and collected.
They're very cool, ruled
by the planet Mars.
They can be very cool
and calm until someone
pushes their buttons.
And [SCREAMS], and
then they're warlike.
But then they calm down
again, and they're fine.
And they don't tend
to hold grudges.
She's laughing, so
I know I got you.
Right?
Does it makes sense to you?
And Aries, by the way,
is the hardest sign
of the zodiac, hardest
working sign of the zodiac.
They really work hard.
They're headstrong.
They'll get into a job, and
no better workers than Aries.
They're really hard workers.
Rules the head, so be
careful of headaches
and these sorts of things.
Sometimes when you're
overdoing things, Aries,
and you're so stressed out,
you tend to get headaches.
That's your sign that
you're overdoing it,
and you need to balance, right?
Just like all the other signs I
was talking about, like Pisces.
You start to have feet
problems, you're overdoing it.
Just calm down,
balance yourself.
And so it works with all
these different signs.
So that would be
March-April, would be Aries.
And then what do we have
after that, anybody?
>>AUDIENCE: Taurus.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Taurus!
Taurus, the Bull.
Anybody Taurus here?
Taurus.
No one over here?
I don't know who you people are.
I have no idea.
[LAUGHTER]
Different planet, OK.
Different star system.
So Taurus.
OK, so Taurus is a
sign, a very fixed sign.
And people say it's
a stubborn sign.
And I think Taurus is really
the most physical sign
of the zodiac.
It's an earth sign.
It's very earthy, very tactile.
Earth sign of Taurus,
very-- you know
what you're going to get
with a Taurus person.
They'll tell you
exactly what it is.
This is the way it is
whether you like it or not.
This is my point of view.
And that's it, right?
And they're very
physical people.
And they like good food.
They like everything
food, very physical.
They like good sex.
And they like good art.
And that's what they say.
I'm not going to
go there with you.
[LAUGHTER]
But it's really-- and Taurus
is, believe it or not,
it is the sign of
the most beautiful,
usually the most beautiful,
physical sign of the zodiac,
because they're
the most physical.
So they tend to be
very good looking.
It also rules the throat area.
Taurus rules the throat.
So many Taureans,
even though they're
a fixed sign and they
have their point of view,
they might have a hard
time expressing it.
And they keep it
in their throat.
So they'll keep
everything in, choking.
So any time you have
a sore throat, Taurus,
you're not expressing yourself.
So you need to
express yourself more.
And don't be afraid
of hurting somebody.
Because Taurus can use tact.
They have tact.
They can express something in
a way that people receive it,
and they don't hurt people.
It's just the way it is.
Yeah?
Good.
So after that, that would
be, April-May, and then we
have the sign of May-June.
>>AUDIENCE: Gemini.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Gemini.
Yes.
How many Geminis?
One, two.
Two.
Two Geminis.
And my camera operator
is a double Gemini,
because I just
looked at his chart.
Gemini.
Wow, one, two, three, four.
So we have eight Geminis.
Ah, ha ha ha.
[LAUGHTER]
The twin sign.
See what I'm-- that's
the joke, the twin sign.
So Gemini, yeah. with
the twins, they say.
Yes, Gemini, yes.
Yes, ruling the stomach.
So Gemini tends to rule
the lungs, by the way.
And also the hands.
And they tend--
it's a sign ruled
by Mercury, the planet Mercury.
And that is the sign
for communication.
So Geminis are usually
great communicators.
They are the communicators
of the zodiac, great writers,
great orators.
They'll just express themselves.
And Gemini is also,
and you'll know this,
is the butterfly of
the cosmos, in that,
you have that going on, that
going on, that going on,
that going on, and that
going on, like three
things, four things at once.
And that's how it works.
So the butterfly of the cosmos.
Now another sign that comes
back like Taurus, let's say,
they come back and learn lessons
from the beginning, the middle,
and the end.
Not Gemini.
Gemini touches the surface.
They're the butterflies.
They flutter in.
They get the
experience, and move on.
They don't-- they're
not really in depth.
They're just very
surface, Gemini.
Because their minds
work very quickly.
They're always thinking
of something else.
So they don't have time
to be really in depth.
They're always thinking.
Isn't that right, Ellie, yes.
Our production
people are Geminis--
of course, communication.
So that's Gemini,
rules the lungs
and the hands, very
good-- sometimes Gemini,
they've got to stop for a
moment and really listen,
listen to people.
Because sometimes they're
very busy speaking
that they don't hear, yeah?
So that's Gemini.
But great writers, great
musicians, really, really
good with that.
So that's May-June, and
then we have June-July.
What's the next sign?
Cancer.
How many Cancers?
Cancers can raise their hands.
Do we have any Cancers?
No Cancers?
Good, let's talk about them.
[LAUGHTER]
Are you a Cancer?
No, you're Pisces.
Pisces.
>>AUDIENCE: Her husband.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your
husband, Cancer.
OK.
So Cancer is the sign
which is the crab, yes?
The crab, you know, crawls
this way, crawls that way,
crawls this way,
crawls that way,
doesn't go directly to the
water, but goes around.
So Cancers are really the
sign which is a nurturer.
It's the nurturer of the zodiac.
They're the mothers
of the zodiac.
They rule the house.
They rule the family.
Anything to do with the
family is very Cancerean,
nurturing people, very
sweet and soft people.
Soft meat on the inside,
hard shell on the outside.
So Cancer is a very-- in
some ways very secretive.
They don't like to reveal
things about themselves.
And part of the reason is
because they're so sensitive.
And they're afraid to
show their sensitivity.
Cancerean, yes, right?
So after Cancer then we have?
>>AUDIENCE: Leo.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Leos!
Now there's got to be more
than two Leos in this audience.
One, two, three.
And you're the cusp,
like I am, Leo.
Leo is ruled by the Sun.
The Sun and Leo.
So Leo is the
self-expression, here I am,
it's the biggest thing.
The sun has illumination.
It's expression.
Leo rules showmanship.
So it rules entertainment.
I have four planets in Leo, if
you can't tell that, here I am.
So it's really expression.
They're all learning about
expression in this lifetime,
Leos.
They're very, very loyal people,
as loyal as the day is long.
But they also many times wear
their heart on their sleeve,
and they tend to get hurt.
Because they look at
things from their heart.
And you understand this.
Are you a Leo, then?
>>AUDIENCE: I am.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So you know this.
So you're a Leo.
But really, really
great friends.
Leo is ruling the heart area,
so be careful about the heart,
right?
And it's a fire sign.
And Leos are very good
and right there for you,
but sometimes they'll
tell little lies.
And they tell little
lies, not to hurt anyone,
but they really want
people to feel good
about themselves or
about a situation,
so they'll kind of make
it the best way they can,
and they maneuver the
truth a little bit.
That makes sense to you?
Yeah.
OK, so that's Leo, yeah.
And then after Leo we have?
>>AUDIENCE: Virgo.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Virgo, correct.
Virgo, Virgo.
So I'm on the cusp, August 23.
You're in the cusp,
August 24, you said.
So Virgos are great.
Any Virgos over here?
Virgo.
And that's your mom?
So you have Virgo and Pisces,
which get along really well,
OK?
And you're a Virgo, OK.
So Virgo is a great
humanitarian sign.
It's a great humanitarian
sign in that we've come back
to help the humankind,
the human world.
We've come back
usually of service.
So it's a sign for
service of humankind.
So many times they'll
come back-- Virgos
tend to come back
for medical work.
They'll be doctors.
They'll be hospital
administrators.
They really work for helping
people, service of people.
Virgos do not mind
doing the grunt work.
They'll do the grunt work.
They'll help out.
They'll do the grunt
work as much they can.
And if they are loved by
doing that grunt work,
they'll do more of it.
Because unfortunately,
with Virgos,
we tend to have a sense of
sometimes self-critical.
We sometimes can be
too self-critical,
self-critical of ourselves,
self-critical of other people.
Because we're perfectionists.
We want things perfect,
even though there really
isn't perfection,
except for love.
We really try to want to have
perfection in our whole world
around us, and
we'll do anything we
can to make it look perfect, to
put things in a certain order.
We like order.
We do not like chaos.
Yes?
That's Virgo.
Virgo rules the intestines.
So it's all about assimilation.
It's assimilation
of information.
It's assimilation of
the world around you.
It's putting things
in their proper place.
And you've got to be very
careful about the people
that you're hanging out with and
that you put around your sphere
around you.
Because you will absorb, Virgos
will absorb all that energy
from other people
into our tummies.
So next time check
out who you're around.
If you have a bad
stomach, say hm,
who was I hanging
out with today?
[LAUGHTER]
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because we tend to
take on their energy sometimes.
Wild.
So now after Virgo,
which is, then we have?
Libra.
Any Libras here?
>>AUDIENCE: Cusp.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Cusp.
OK, Libra.
And you raised your hand.
You put your hand up, which
I'm very proud of you.
Any Libras over here?
I don't know what
sign-- you're a Leo.
I know we have
one Leo and Virgo.
>>AUDIENCE: I'm a Virgo.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
you're a Virgo.
What are you?
>>AUDIENCE: I'm a
Virgo, but you didn't
ask us to raise our
hands on this side.
[LAUGHTER]
>>VAN PRAAGH:
You're incorporated
in the whole group.
I didn't do it right, Virgo.
Did it make sense about
the order, though?
Things in order, obviously?
Yes, yes.
You just don't want to
admit it, but yeah, yeah.
A pain in the-- yes.
>>AUDIENCE: No.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes.
Us Virgos can be.
We can be real pains, getting
things just the right way.
So Libra, and no Libras here.
So Libra is the sign that
rules the kidneys, right?
And Libra is really ruled
by the planet Venus, which
is all about beauty, art, love.
That's Libra.
They love love.
They love to be in love.
They love to witness love.
And Libra, of course, is the
scales, balancing the scales.
So partnerships mean
a lot to Libras.
And they will get
whatever they want.
Because it's the iron
fist in the golden glove.
They'll look nice and
pretty, but underneath that,
they'll get exactly
what they want
with the sweet smile and charm.
[LAUGHTER]
>>VAN PRAAGH: Right?
And that's Libra.
Libras tend to see the world
differently than most people.
They tend to see the
colors differently.
The value of color
for a Libra seems
to be very, very different
than other people.
So the value of the
color red is very
different than Libran
eyes-- in Libran eyes
than would be for a
Scorpio or a Virgo.
It also rules artists, of
course, so great artists,
Libras, musicians, all the
arts, very creative people,
very good decorators
and designers.
The part, the
negative with Libra,
they have a hard time
making up their mind.
So they are the great
procrastinators.
They're great procrastinators
because they want everything
to be in balance.
And it's very difficult to get
things in balance all the time.
So they want things in balance.
So sometimes they don't
want to make a decision,
because they can't
make up their mind,
because it'll be a
little out of balance.
Make sense?
Yes.
So, unfortunately,
they don't tend
to get things done as
quickly as they should.
Yeah?
That's that.
OK, so after Libra, and now
we're going October-November.
Now we're going into?
>>AUDIENCE: Scorpio.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Scorpio.
How many Scorpios?
Raise your hand,
one, two, three.
No Scorpios here, OK.
I think I've got to move
people around, because this--
[LAUGHTER]
>>VAN PRAAGH: This
side over here.
So we have two or three--
three Scorpios, right?
So Scorpio.
I love Scorpio.
Scorpio is a great sign.
To me, personally,
I love Scorpio.
It is the number one sign as
far as mediumship, as far as
talking to dead people, yes?
So they're the ones who
rule any of the unknown.
It's the most secretive
sign of the zodiac.
Because Scorpios,
they don't want--
they're very good at ferreting
out other people's information.
They're natural
detectives, right?
They like to to
find out everything
they can about somebody else.
But they're not very good at
giving out their own stuff.
Do you understand that?
And so it rules the unknown.
It rules graveyards.
It rules anything
to do with death.
It rules just--
jails and prisons,
and it rules all the
unknown stuff and stuff
that goes on underneath society.
It's kind of that sort of thing.
So they get really in depth.
And Scorpio is a sign that
has all the positive traits
of every other sign, like
Capricorn or Aquarius.
They have all the
positive traits
of every other
sign and their own,
and all the negative traits of
every other sign and their own.
So imagine how
intense they might be.
Scorpios-- where are
all the Scorpios?
Right, intense, right?
Intense.
They're always feeling, feeling,
feeling, more than a Pisces.
It's like Pisces on
steroids, Scorpio.
[LAUGHTER]
>>VAN PRAAGH:
They're so intense,
they pick up things so quickly.
They can read people
like that, like that.
And that's Scorpio.
And Scorpio can be the
highest spiritual sign
of the zodiac, or the lowest.
It's how you use the energy.
It's how you decide to use
the energy you're given.
Remember that you're taking
on these signs, these birth
signs, this sun sign,
to use that energy.
And hopefully you'll use
it in a positive way.
So some of the greatest
spiritual teachers of the world
are Scorpio people.
So it really is.
Now, after Scorpio
we have Sagittarius.
Any Sages here?
One Sag.
One Sag, OK.
We've got to get a
bigger audience, I think.
OK, so we have one Sag.
Sagittarius is the planet
that rules the sciatica.
You know, that whole
thing here with the leg.
And it's a sign
which is a traveller.
It's the mystic, the mystic.
They love to travel the
world, like the bow and arrow,
the arrow flies.
So they like to experience new
things, adventures, new people.
They really do-- it's the
second sign of independence,
first being Aquarius, and
the second is Sagittarius.
So don't box in the Sagittarius.
I need my space.
I need my independence.
And a lot of lessons
Sagittarians learn
are independent
lessons, capiche?
Right?
And I have a Sagittarius moon.
And so I know
Sagittarius very well.
It's actually my favorite
sign of the zodiac.
Sagittarians have,
unfortunately,
foot-in-mouth disease.
So they'll say exactly what
they think without thinking.
That's Sagittarians.
And it's like, doesn't
everybody else see it this way?
I don't understand.
Why don't you see
my point of view?
This is just the way it is.
That's Sagittarian.
They don't mean to
hurt anybody, but this
is the way it is, you know?
And I love their sense of humor.
I love the freedom
of Sagittarius.
And I love the energy
of Sagittarians.
So they're go, go, go, go.
So we have the fire
signs, then, which
is Sagittarius is a fire sign.
And we have Leo,
which is a fire sign.
And we have Aries, which
are all fire signs, OK?
Fire signs do really, really
well when mixed with air signs,
because those two
elements, fire and air,
really complement each other.
The air signs being
Aquarius, Libra, and Gemini.
So all right.
So you have the fire
signs, which is Aries,
and you have Leo, and
you have-- the other fire
sign is Sagittarius.
That's a fire sign, go, go.
So the complementing signs
with the complementary energy
or elements to that is air.
So you have Gemini and
Libra and Aquarius.
That's air, right?
And then we have our water
signs, Scorpio and Pisces,
right, and Cancer.
So those are the water signs.
Those are the sensitive.
They feel things.
And what complements
the water signs?
The earth signs.
So you have your
Virgo, down to earth.
You have your Taurus,
down to earth.
And the last one is Capricorn.
And that's the other earth sign.
So earth elements and water
elements get along really,
really well.
And fire elements
and air elements
get along really, really well.
So that's your lesson
in the signs, OK?
Interesting, yes?
[APPLAUSE]
So next time when someone
asks you, what's your sign?
You'll know a little
bit more about it.
Or I guarantee everybody
in this audience,
when you meet people,
you're going to say,
what is your sign?
So it's interesting.
And I think that the
more knowledge you have,
knowledge is power.
So that's really
where comes from, OK?
Any questions before we
go into the next part?
You have a question?
>>AUDIENCE: I do.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Well, stand up.
What's your name again?
>>AUDIENCE: I'm Julie.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Julie, OK.
What's your question?
>>AUDIENCE: My question
is, being on the cusp,
I'm August 24, so I know I'm
both Leo as well as Virgo.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Right.
>>AUDIENCE: Should I be focusing
on-- you said Leo earlier,
I think.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Leo-Virgo.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Right.
>>AUDIENCE: Which one should
I be choosing to focus on?
>>VAN PRAAGH: So, when
you look at yourself,
you're really an integration
of both, some Leo energy
and some Virgo energy,
which I'm the same thing,
and I love that, because I
can express myself, like this,
doing a show, and
also when details
come through with my
readings, that's all Virgo.
That's details.
So I'm able to use
both those energies.
And that's what you can do.
Use both the energies.
So both will apply to you.
All right?
>>AUDIENCE: Wonderful.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, sweetheart.
Thank you.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
you've also got
to realize that I just spoke
to you about the sun sign.
And remember that you really
are more than just the sun.
There's all the planets
there in your chart as well.
When you come back
on this earth,
the blueprint is a chart.
And it's a little chart,
and it looks like a pie.
And there are slices.
And each slice is
called a house.
And each house means
something as well.
Each house is in a
certain sign as well.
Now, most of my planets
are in a Pisces house,
which is a psychic house,
and a Scorpio house,
which is the mediumship house.
So I am mediumistic and psychic.
Hello?
Duh.
Right?
And my moon-- I'm not going
to go into the moon sign,
but the moon in your chart is
your emotions and feelings.
My moon is in Sagittarius.
So like I said
before, Sagittarius
was the counselor, the mystic.
So I counsel people
about their emotions.
Isn't that wild?
So it makes sense.
When you start looking at
it, it makes a lot of sense.
So I thought we would just
get-- you have a question.
Yes?
Yes.
Please stand.
>>AUDIENCE: I don't
know how much you
know about love
relationships, but what
are the chances of two
Capricorns making it together?
>>VAN PRAAGH: So, OK,
that's good question.
When two Capricorns
come together,
so remember that's just the
sun sign you're speaking about.
So I'd have to look
at the whole chart,
but I'd also like to look at
what the moon positions are.
So let's say you
have moon in Cancer,
and usually we're attracted
to another partner who
has an element which is good
with that other element.
So let's say the moon in
Cancer, that's a water sign.
There'll maybe be an
earth sign that person
has, moon in
Taurus, the partner.
So there's two--
emotionally, the two
get along really well that way.
So there are other
aspects of the chart
you have to look at
than just the sun signs.
But when you have two sun
signs in Capricorn together,
good luck.
[LAUGHTER]
>>VAN PRAAGH:
Besides cheap-- I'm
sorry, frugal, frugal, frugal,
frugal, frugal, frugal.
So Capricorns tend to be frugal.
They really do.
I mean, they tend
to love coupons.
But the two-for-one sales,
they love to do that.
And because it's
about the future.
It's about security.
>>AUDIENCE: Right.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So I think
two Capricorns could
work really well together,
financially great together.
Because if they don't
fight it out financially,
they'll work together at
keeping the finances straight.
They'll have all their
retirement stuff straightened.
It's all about organization
with them as well.
So I like Capricorns.
They'll get the
job done as well.
And they'll do it in an
orderly and organized fashion.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So if you can put
up with each other like that,
that's fine.
I know I'm with a Virgo, and
two Virgos together, it's
difficult.
I mean, it's great, but
it's also difficult.
So you know, it's like
a bulldog and a basset
hound coming together.
So you know, it's
just the energies.
It's the energies
you're dealing with.
But again, the more you
know, the more aware
you are of what the energies
of those signs mean,
the easier it is for you to
understand and to work together
to integrate.
>>AUDIENCE: Great, thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK,
you're welcome.
Thank you.
So I think now we're going
to do a little meditation.
Because I know everyone
at home loves meditation.
I think you'll love
the meditation.
And I want to do
a meditation today
to really welcome the
spirit world to come
into our awareness and to
bring them into the space, OK?
So just-- if you sit there with
your eyes-- close your eyes.
That would be great.
So I never know from
meditation to meditation
really what I'm going to do.
So I just open myself
up to the spirit,
and I let them really
come through me
and provide this information.
So people that are
watching this at home,
also you'll feel
this information.
I'm coming to you and
people here in the audience.
Just gently close your eyes.
And if you've never meditated
before, don't worry.
There's no formal
way of doing this.
And I just want you to relax.
That's really what it is.
It's just taking a few
moments to be with yourself
and just relaxing.
And as you set that intention
that I'm just going to relax,
I'm just going to
be with myself.
I'm just going to be
mindful of my feet
on the floor, of my body, my
legs, my back in the chair,
my shoulders and my
arms, my neck, my head.
And I just want you
to have the awareness
that you as a spirit, you as
a soul, who have come back
to this human
level, you have been
here many, many,
many times before.
This is not the first
lifetime you've had,
you being part of that universe.
In a way, you're a
microcosm of the macrocosm.
You're a mini satellite
system within you.
And just in your
mind, I just want
you to-- in your
imagination, even,
create a little solar
system within your being.
And create any planets you like.
And at the heart of
those planets is the sun.
And for our purpose
today, I just
want you to imagine that
that sun is placed right
in your heart, and that
sun, that heart space,
illuminates all
the other planets,
illuminates all the
aspects of your being.
And take a deep breath.
And exhale.
And let go of any old energy,
any old, stagnant energy,
let it go.
Let if go.
Let it go.
And envision that those planets
in your little solar system
within you, each
one has a meaning.
Perhaps one is about love.
One is about giving.
Maybe one is about
understanding.
Maybe one is about forgiveness.
Maybe one is about
determination.
However you want to create
that inner solar system that
moves around your
heart, your sun.
So perhaps these little planets
in your own solar system
are lessons, energetic
lessons you've come back
to experience in this lifetime.
And as these planet slowly
move around the sun, the heart
space, become aware, as
each one is illuminated
from the sun, what
lessons are lit up?
What energies are lit up?
What do you need to
pay more attention to
in your own sphere, in
your own solar system?
Just being mindful
of what planets,
what lessons in your
own solar system
that you need to be more
aware of, more mindful of.
And for just a second, being
aware of that beauty sun-heart
energy, become part of
that beautiful sunlight
in your heart.
And let that engulf
your entire being,
and just feel love, the beauty
of love, the element of love.
And let that love infuse
into your whole being,
your whole solar system, feeling
those rays of light in who you
are.
And as you do that, you begin
to feel the connectedness
to the one light,
to the God light,
to the spark of the universe.
We're all connected
to that spark.
Whether that's right
above you, that's fine.
Just plug in and connect to
the oneness, to the purity,
to the light.
Perhaps you limited
your thoughts.
Perhaps you limited your way.
Perhaps you've become
distracted and forgot your path.
Now is the time for you
to remember your source.
You're plugged into that
source, and that source
lets your universe move.
And I would just like you to
repeat verbally these words.
I am love.
>>AUDIENCE: I am love.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I am love.
>>AUDIENCE: I am
love.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I am love.
>>AUDIENCE: I am love.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And so it is.
>>AUDIENCE: And so it is.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And as you sit
in that space, all around you
are the stars, coming into
light, coming into awareness.
It's in the darkness that we
look up and we see the stars.
And the stars are
all of our loved ones
who have passed over to
the world of the spirit.
And they come so
close to guide us.
Our loved ones are
our guiding stars.
And you are a part of them.
And they are part of
your whole solar system.
And so it is.
And slowly open up your
eyes, and be as one.
Did you enjoy that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah.
I really like doing that
today, particularly because
of our set.
[LAUGHS] And it's a
meditation, really.
It's really a wonderful,
wonderful-- time and space,
I guess would be right.
So I want to tune into
the spirit world around us
and through us.
And I know that all of us
wonder if they're around us.
They're always around us.
They're always behind
you, next to you.
They're always influencing us.
I want to start with
this lady over here,
because I know I have
your mother here.
And it would be
your grandmother.
I know before I started the
show, I felt your mother here.
And I just want to continue
with her, because she would not
let me continue to
show if I didn't
continue with her message.
So I need to do that, OK?
Would you mind standing, please?
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, and
what is your name?
>>AUDIENCE: Marie.
>>VAN PRAAGH:
Marie, and you are?
>>AUDIENCE: Jeanne.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And you're
definitely mother and daughter?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Right, OK.
So I have your mother
and father here, OK?
I've got to tell
you that, all right?
And I'm just going to tell
you about-- your mother
is very much aware of you
taking care of the house,
changing things in that house,
moving things in the house,
and throwing away stuff.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Now,
she is telling me
that you've been trying to throw
away stuff for a long time.
>>AUDIENCE: [LAUGHS] Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
And I know that
you would also have
certain books or piles of books.
And I know the books
are in the boxes.
Do you understand about that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And wouldn't you
also have some of her books
that she had as well?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank you.
And I know that
we love magazines.
So I know you have
these old magazines.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Now your
dad is here as well.
When your father
comes through to me,
and he's coming through--
now, we wouldn't necessarily
believe in this sort of thing,
but I've got to tell you,
he's standing right here.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, great.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, and you were
very close to your grandfather.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So he's
coming over here to you,
and he's giving you
the light in his eye,
just expressing that to you.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, my.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK?
And all the kids.
He said, all the kids, not
just you, but all the kids, OK?
Now, I also want to talk
about-- they're giving me
an impression of painting
the side of the house,
painting the house.
Did your father used
to paint the houses?
Or was somebody was painting
the side of the house?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Understand that.
Because that's what he's
showing me right here.
And I'm on the ladder.
And I'm changing the color, and
I'm very specific and detailed
about how I have to do this.
And I'm seeing siding on
a part the house as well.
OK?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
I know there would
be a connection
toward the Midwest
or would have that
connection of growing up.
You understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>AUDIENCE: Absolutely.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Absolutely, right?
And I know that
him and the mother
come in very, very
strong together.
And their union, they're
bonded, they're very connected.
I've got to say that.
So I know if one passes
over, the other one
has to pass over
close by, because I
feel like they're like one.
Do you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, exactly.
>>VAN PRAAGH: They're one.
They're one unit, and I'm very
emotional with these people.
And I feel like
many people could
learn from their relationship.
Because whether hard
times or good times,
they stuck together.
>>AUDIENCE: Very much.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I know
that your father at times
could not work, he's
telling me here,
that at times he couldn't find
work or there wasn't work.
And he had to always make
the best that he could.
Do you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I
also know he's very
much of a handyman
in his own way.
I know very much he would like
to work with wood and tools
and making things if he could.
I know that there could have
been a time where he was trying
to fix something, he's talking
about, and he hurt himself.
I'm not sure, one of his fingers
got hurt, but he hurt himself.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Do
you remembered that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That is what
he's trying to tell me.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
He cut his fingers off.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, so
you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: He cut a finger off.
>>AUDIENCE: Uh-huh.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's it.
He's also mentioning
to me that-- how funny.
He said he tried to be
better than he really was.
He wasn't that
great a repairman,
but he tried to let
everyone think he was.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Right?
And I know there was a--
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, my gosh.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Remember that?
And I also-- I'm
very aware of going,
mom wants me to talk to
you about the church.
So she's talking
about church here.
So church is a big
deal for your mother.
Do you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Definitely.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Definitely.
Because I know with this
lady that church is her life.
And I know that I like putting
the flowers on the altar.
>>AUDIENCE: Loved it.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Loved it.
Thank you.
She's telling me that's
what she used to do.
We're together.
Her and your dad are together.
And I'm going to help
you clean things up.
You're so funny,
because-- and would you
please help your mother
out a little bit?
Because she needs a
little bit of help.
And she gets very independent,
I'll do it myself!
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
yet, you know, she's
trying to help you, so please.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, yes.
Listen to him.
[LAUGHTER]
>>VAN PRAAGH: It's them.
>>AUDIENCE: Listen to them.
[LAUGHTER]
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I know the
overalls with your father--
every once in a while
he'd wear overalls.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH:
Remember the overalls?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He'd come
in wearing overalls.
And he'd wear the bib
overalls, and that's
how he would appear to you.
And he was taking
care of things.
I also know mom is here,
your mother is here.
And I know that you have dishes,
the dishes that belong to her,
OK?
So she's talking
about her dishes.
And that recently
came up in your world.
And I know the have-- right.
I think it's a religious
necklace of hers.
I don't know if it's the Virgin
Mary or a cross, but you have--
>>AUDIENCE: A cross.
>>VAN PRAAGH: A cross.
And you have it
of hers, she said.
I love to be in the flowers.
Your mother is in the flowers.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She's
loving tulips.
She said the tulips
are coming up.
She loves the tulips.
Tulips are a dream.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, my gosh.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Not
the rose, the tulips.
Not roses, tulips.
>>AUDIENCE: No, tulips.
>>AUDIENCE: Right.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And she's
saying that you'll
know it's me with the tulips.
So you have her love.
I'll leave you with that.
God bless you.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, my gosh.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And your dad, OK?
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>>VAN PRAAGH:
Would somebody know
about a young man that passed
over in a car accident?
You do.
Would that be a friend of your
son's or a friend of somebody
in the family, or--
>>AUDIENCE: My cousin was--
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your cousin.
>>AUDIENCE: --killed in a--
>>VAN PRAAGH: 22 years of age?
21 years of age?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes.
May I please come
to you, please?
Because I have him.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Would you
mind standing, please?
OK, so let me just tell
you what I get here.
I get this gentleman
coming in here.
And I feel when he passes,
it totally is a surprise.
It's something to do
with a car, a collision
of some kind, an accident.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I know
the front of the car
would be involved here.
So I know the
dashboard is something
that would be also
involved here.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You're
aware of that?
>>AUDIENCE: Mhm.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
And I understand-- do you
have a sister, by the way?
You have a sister.
>>AUDIENCE: I do.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, so
this boy is talking to me
about a sister of yours.
And he would have
appeared to your sister
or been in her dreams
or something recently
came up about her.
And you say, well, why?
Because he didn't
really know her.
They didn't have a connection.
But there is a
connection in some way.
Do you know his mother?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, I do.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Would you
please ask the mother
if she just got a dog?
And he's telling me she did.
So I'm telling--
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You know that?
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes, so
the mother got a dog?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Great.
So it's him telling me
that his mother got a dog.
That's where it makes sense.
And I know that mom--
go on, go on, go on.
You keep on coming in.
Gotcha.
I understand that, thank you.
Thank you.
He's a good kid.
He's good.
He's quick.
I think he was doing something
with school at the time.
It might be right after
graduation or school.
Because school was on his mind,
he said, when he was passing.
That was the time when
he died, that there
was something to
do with school, OK?
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Now, I know
that he's coming here today,
because I need to please
tell my mother I'm all right.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh, my God.
This poor boy is working
overtime to help his mother.
Because she still feels very
guilty about this death.
And for some reason
she feels that she
could have prevented this death.
And she couldn't have.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK?
So I've got to tell you that.
All right?
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Go on, go on.
Right.
And would you please
find out if she's
been writing letters
to him just recently?
If she's still been
writing a letter to him.
And does he have a sister?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Got it.
So I understand now.
I'm clearing up
the message here.
I would know that
the sister would
have received a message from me.
So his sister would
have received a dream,
would have received a message,
because he's been really trying
to come through to his sister to
tell the mother he's all right.
So that would be
the information.
So would you please do that
and pass the message on?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I mean,
he's come all this way.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes
>>VAN PRAAGH: Please pass it on.
You can be the medium.
>>AUDIENCE: I will.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
he's thanking me
and he's thanking
you very, very much.
And I'll leave you with that.
>>AUDIENCE: Great,
thank you so much.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, God bless you.
OK, you're welcome.
[APPLAUSE]
So I want to ask somebody here.
There's a gentleman
that's coming in here.
And I feel like there would have
been someone in this audience.
He was talking to me
about having a pocket
watch of theirs, only a pocket
watch or given a pocket watch.
May I come to you, sir?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, you may.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
what is your name?
>>AUDIENCE: Timothy Gallagher.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Timothy Gallagher.
Timothy Gallagher,
would you mind
standing, Timothy Gallagher?
OK, I believe I have
your dad with me here.
I felt the presence of a
gentleman standing here
the whole time.
And I'm aware that there might
be a younger person that's also
passed over, not your father's
age, but younger, a younger
generation, more like on your
generation, but it would be--
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And it
would be a relative.
So I'm not sure if it
would be your brother.
But it's someone like--
>>AUDIENCE: My brother-in-law.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Brother-in-law.
And I know that I brought
him here with me today.
And I know that
this is important
that this brother-in-law
person comes through to you.
And can I just say
to you, Timothy,
that I'm very
connected with him.
You were very
Does that make sense?
>>AUDIENCE: Somewhat, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I
feel I want to thank you
for, whether you hung
out together sometimes
or did some things
together sometimes,
I just want to thank
you for that, OK?
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I also know
there's a Margaret somewhere.
So I don't know who
Margaret would be.
Is there a Margaret that you
would recognize in the spirit
world named Margaret
or down here Margaret.
>>AUDIENCE: I had
an Aunt Margaret.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
had an Aunt Margaret.
And I want to go
back to that stop
watch or that clock,
the pocket watch, OK?
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I don't
know why, but I'm going there.
Now do you remember your dad
ever giving you a pocket watch
or giving you a
watch of some kind?
>>AUDIENCE: My father
had a pocket watch,
and I got it when
he passed away.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And you still
own that pocket watch, do you?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank you.
And I know that I'm looking
at it very, very clearly.
And the small hand is on the
3, and there's like another,
like 10 to 3 or quarter
of 3, the large hand.
So would you check?
I wish I had with so you
could see it right now.
That's what he's
impressing me with, OK?
Thank you.
I'll leave you with that, OK?
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Yeah.
OK, so I know it was over
here, but I had bundt cake.
So you understand the bundt
cake, just made a bundt cake.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: All right.
Would you mind
standing up, please?
>>AUDIENCE: Sure.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And your name is?
>>EMCEE: David.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Hi, David.
How are you?
>>AUDIENCE: I'm good.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And what
is your birth sign?
>>AUDIENCE: Gemini.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Gemini.
So you're all over the
place, like we talked about.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Great.
So immediately I want to tell
you there's a man behind you,
and I feel it's a
grandfather person here.
Your mom's still alive, correct?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She's down here.
So I think this
might be her dad, OK?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, it is.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I
would know that there
would be a closeness with you
or a connection with this man.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And now
when you're a little boy,
because I'm being shown a young
age, whether it's toddler up
to 10 years of age, I'm very
connected with this gentleman.
And I also want to ask, who
collects the cars or likes
things about cars?
Is that you?
>>AUDIENCE: So my dad collected
cars, and then my grandfather--
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your
dad's passed over?
>>AUDIENCE: No, he's not.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
>>AUDIENCE: But my grandfather
restored an old T-bird.
>>VAN PRAAGH: There it is.
Because before when
I was looking at you,
I saw an old classic car.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Now, so the
grandfather that I have here,
and he's talking about the cars,
wouldn't you have known when
you were a young boy, looking
with your grandfather with
the cars, the old cars--
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, yeah
>>VAN PRAAGH: And didn't
he go open up the hood
and show you the engine,
and he used to tell you
these things about the
car, isn't that right?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, uh-huh.
>>VAN PRAAGH:
Because I like that.
And I like you cleaning
the car with him.
I like him sharing
things with you.
And I'm going to tell you
that your grandfather didn't
come necessarily
from wealthy means.
He didn't grow up
with a lot of money.
He grew up, and he really
made his own self, OK?
And I know he really worked
hard to make himself,
and he's very proud of that.
He's very proud of that.
I know there's five
children somewhere.
There's five in a family.
>>AUDIENCE: My dad's-- sorry,
my other grandfather had
a previous family that
had five children.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Five children.
And so he's on the
other side as well.
And he's talking about the five.
So I have both of them here.
And I have two ladies here.
And I mean, I have
the whole choir
here of people who come in.
And they help you.
And they said your biggest
situation is to really make up
your mind in what you
really want to stay and do.
Now, I know you could have
been a teacher at one point.
You could have liked
to have taught.
Do you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: I teach now, yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: There you go.
Because I know that they
talk about helping you.
All of these spirit
people influence you
and help you to
work the teaching.
Now, you must
understand as a teacher,
that when you're
giving out that energy,
you're not doing it
yourself, that they're
helping to influence.
They're trying to bring out
stuff, abilities and gifts
within your spirit that you
bring forth to everybody you
touch, everybody that you work
with, everybody that you're
speaking in front of.
It's not only you, it's a
collaborative effort, OK?
And I need to say
thank you to you.
Because this gentleman,
your grandfather-- there's
also a grandmother
over there, by the way.
And I want to tell
you, you've helped them
by how you live on
this Earth and how
you've tried really hard to help
people that are not well off.
And I'm not sure if you worked
with some kind of a mission
also or food giveaway
at one point,
but there's this sort of thing.
>>AUDIENCE: In high
school I did some stuff.
>>VAN PRAAGH: In high school.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because I know
that that was very meaningful,
not only for you here,
but those who received it.
And we never know how each
action, which we create,
will influence somebody else.
So they're thanking
you for that.
One more thing here.
I know that there's some old
library books that you have
and that you have them and that
you've never returned them.
[LAUGHTER]
So if I'm-- your grandfather's
laughing about this.
I know if I go to where you
are, where you find yourself
at a home or an apartment
or living situation,
there would be an office there
with a computer, correct?
>>AUDIENCE: At my house?
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And wouldn't
there be shelves next to you
where books are?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
There are some.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So if I
go there, wouldn't there
be three shelves of books?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah,
actually there are.
[LAUGHS]
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because they're
showing this in my mind's eye.
And I'm seeing that if you
go to that second shelf,
and next to books that are
about home repair stuff,
you'll find there
are two books that
are from a library
from years ago--
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: --that
you still have.
And it's not judging you.
It's just acknowledging it
and validating for you, OK?
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I know
there'd be a home repair
section or something, and it
would be right near there.
>>AUDIENCE: That's right.
I have cookbooks, actually.
That's funny.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Cookbooks, OK.
And so-- oh, yeah, you
just said the bundt cake.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah,
the bundt cake.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And don't you
love to do casseroles as well?
>>AUDIENCE: I like to cook.
I really like to cook, yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I
like that feeling.
I like more of that
happening for you.
>>AUDIENCE: Thanks.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And just
realize you don't do it alone.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, nice.
>>VAN PRAAGH: All right?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, it
comes out pretty good, so.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Comes
out pretty good.
Yes, you're being inspired.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Inspired chef.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: All right.
I'll leave you with that.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, so it's
important now today-- hopefully
you've learn this, and
we've talked about it,
that you understand sun signs,
the star signs, whatever
you call it.
It's energy.
And you've come back
with a certain sun sign
to be who you are and
learn everything you can
about those energies,
positive or the negative.
And the more you are aware
of those various energies
of the star signs, of
horoscopes, if you will,
the more you'll be able to
understand another human being
and what their motivation
is and how they choose life.
You'll have a better
understanding,
and in turn, more
compassion for that person.
And that's all why we're here.
Right?
So thank you all very
much for coming today.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, ma'am.
Thanks for bringing him.
I know it was tough.
But you made it.
[LAUGHTER]
So thank you very much.
And your mother wants to thank
you for the sewing machine.
You must have the
sewing machine,
because she's talking about
you have her sewing machine
that she wanted to
say that to you.
So I'm going to say that to you.
You understand that?
Perfect.
Good.
He's freaking out, so
with that, we'll close.
Thank you, everybody.
We'll see you next time.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]